README.md, before:

<!--
Copyright (c) 2017, 2017 IBM Corp. and others

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under
the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which accompanies this
distribution and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
or the Apache License, Version 2.0 which accompanies this distribution and
is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following
Secondary Licenses when the conditions for such availability set
forth in the Eclipse Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU
General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath
Exception [1] and GNU General Public License, version 2 with the
OpenJDK Assembly Exception [2].

[1] https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html
[2] http://openjdk.java.net/legal/assembly-exception.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0
-->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/eclipse/openj9/blob/master/artwork/OpenJ9.svg" alt="OpenJ9 logo" align="middle" width="50%" height="50%" />
<p>

Welcome to the Eclipse OpenJ9 repository
========================================
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-EPL%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-2.0)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-APL%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)


We're not sure which route you might have taken on your way here, but we're really pleased to see you! If you came directly from our website, you've probably already learned a lot about Eclipse OpenJ9 and how it fits in to the OpenJDK ecosystem. If you came via some other route, here are a few key links to get you started:

- [Eclipse OpenJ9 website](http://www.eclipse.org/openj9) - Learn about this high performance, enterprise-grade Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and why we think you want to get involved in its development.
- [AdoptopenJDK website](https://adoptopenjdk.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk9-openj9) - Grab pre-built OpenJDK binaries that embed OpenJ9 and try it out.
- [Build instructions](https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/oj9_build.html) - Here's how you can build an OpenJDK with OpenJ9 yourself.
- [FAQ](https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/oj9_faq.html)

Hopefully you're here because you want to get involved in the project? Read on ...

What is the goal of the project?
================================

The long term goal of the Eclipse OpenJ9 project is to foster an open ecosystem of JVM developers that can collaborate and innovate with designers and developers of hardware platforms, operating systems, tools, and frameworks.

The project welcomes collaboration, embraces fresh innovation, and extends an opportunity to influence the development of OpenJ9 for the next generation of Java applications.

The Java community has benefited over its history from having multiple implementations of the JVM specification competing to provide the best runtime for your application.  Whether adding compressed references, new Cloud features, AOT (ahead of time compilation), or straight up faster performance and lower memory use, the ecosystem has improved through that competition.  Eclipse OpenJ9 aims to continue to spur innovation in the runtimes space.

How do I contribute?
====================

Since we are an Eclipse Foundation project, each contributor needs to become a member of the Eclipse Foundation which operates under the [Eclipse Code of Conduct][coc]
to promote fairness, openness, and inclusion.

To get started, read our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

[coc]: https://eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php


Where can I learn more?
=======================

Presentations
-------------

- [J9: Under the hood of the next open source JVM](https://www.slideshare.net/DanHeidinga/j9-under-the-hood-of-the-next-open-source-jvm)


Copyright (c) 2017, 2017 IBM Corp. and others

Commit message:

Update list of videos and presentations in README
Replaced the older under-the-hood presentation with a more complete
line-up of videos and presentations from Java One 2017.

Signed-off-by: Mark Stoodley <mstoodle@ca.ibm.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
Copyright (c) 2017, 2017 IBM Corp. and others

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under
the terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which accompanies this
distribution and is available at https://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0/
or the Apache License, Version 2.0 which accompanies this distribution and
is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following
Secondary Licenses when the conditions for such availability set
forth in the Eclipse Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU
General Public License, version 2 with the GNU Classpath
Exception [1] and GNU General Public License, version 2 with the
OpenJDK Assembly Exception [2].

[1] https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html
[2] http://openjdk.java.net/legal/assembly-exception.html

SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0
-->

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/eclipse/openj9/blob/master/artwork/OpenJ9.svg" alt="OpenJ9 logo" align="middle" width="50%" height="50%" />
<p>

Welcome to the Eclipse OpenJ9 repository
========================================
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-EPL%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EPL-2.0)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-APL%202.0-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)


We're not sure which route you might have taken on your way here, but we're really pleased to see you! If you came directly from our website, you've probably already learned a lot about Eclipse OpenJ9 and how it fits in to the OpenJDK ecosystem. If you came via some other route, here are a few key links to get you started:

- [Eclipse OpenJ9 website](http://www.eclipse.org/openj9) - Learn about this high performance, enterprise-grade Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and why we think you want to get involved in its development.
- [AdoptopenJDK website](https://adoptopenjdk.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk9-openj9) - Grab pre-built OpenJDK binaries that embed OpenJ9 and try it out.
- [Build instructions](https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/oj9_build.html) - Here's how you can build an OpenJDK with OpenJ9 yourself.
- [FAQ](https://www.eclipse.org/openj9/oj9_faq.html)

Hopefully you're here because you want to get involved in the project? Read on ...

What is the goal of the project?
================================

The long term goal of the Eclipse OpenJ9 project is to foster an open ecosystem of JVM developers that can collaborate and innovate with designers and developers of hardware platforms, operating systems, tools, and frameworks.

The project welcomes collaboration, embraces fresh innovation, and extends an opportunity to influence the development of OpenJ9 for the next generation of Java applications.

The Java community has benefited over its history from having multiple implementations of the JVM specification competing to provide the best runtime for your application.  Whether adding compressed references, new Cloud features, AOT (ahead of time compilation), or straight up faster performance and lower memory use, the ecosystem has improved through that competition.  Eclipse OpenJ9 aims to continue to spur innovation in the runtimes space.

How do I contribute?
====================

Since we are an Eclipse Foundation project, each contributor needs to become a member of the Eclipse Foundation which operates under the [Eclipse Code of Conduct][coc]
to promote fairness, openness, and inclusion.

To get started, read our [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

[coc]: https://eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php


Where can I learn more?
=======================

Videos and Presentations
------------------------

- [JavaOne 2017: John Duimovich and Mike Milenkovich having fun chatting about Eclipse OpenJ9 (and EE4J)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g9SdVCPlnk)
- [JavaOne 2017: Holly Cummins interviewing Dan Heidinga and Mark Stoodley on Eclipse OpenJ9 and OMR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1LVXqD3cII)
- [JavaOne 2017: Open sourcing the IBM J9 Java Virtual Machine](https://www.slideshare.net/MarkStoodley/javaone-2017-mark-stoodley-open-sourcing-ibm-j9-jvm)
- [JavaOne 2017: Eclipse OpenJ9 Under the hood of the next open source JVM](https://www.slideshare.net/DanHeidinga/javaone-2017-eclipse-openj9-under-the-hood-of-the-jvm)
- [JavaOne 2017: Ask the OpenJ9 Architects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qb5ennM_pgc)


Copyright (c) 2017, 2017 IBM Corp. and others
